I caught a cold
Is my face dying?
Who is that?
It's been so long to make King's Landing throat
Who the hell is he?
So let me introduce myself.
My name is Ye Qingqing
It's the eldest lady of Shangjing Ye's family
She is also Yufei's sister
Miss Ye is here
The Ye family is one of the top three families in Beijing
Why is he here?
Come to Nanzhou today
It was entrusted by the family
To congratulate my sister
Bless him for finally finding the blogger to marry
But
I just heard from outside that this guy is daring
How dare you pretend to be Lord King's Landing?
Don't you know?
Has Lord King's Landing been dead for three years?
What? Is Lord's Landing dead?
So you are impersonating
Exactly three years ago.
The Marquis of King's Landing returns from the Northern Expedition
After the kingmaker performed the canonization ceremony for him
Was assassinated
Died on the spot
In order to stabilize the military heart
Suppress those Xiao Xiao in Beijing
Ultimately destroy Huagang
It's been three years.
Wasn't I deceived by him?
Qiu Junlin
Do you know what it is to impersonate a hero?
Miss Ye, the patriarch is both a secret and a vicissitudes of life
How did you know that the Lord of King's Landing was dead?
Could it be that the Marquis of King's Landing died the same as you two?